Mary.
Grandpa reads this word very heretical.
I can only temporarily seal it in the body for seven days.
But after he died.
I fear it will happen more often.
What?
You have something else too.
No way.
I can not.
Look at grandpa, he has a way.
just me
Only 50% running.
From the CEO, you just let go and go to work.
Whatever happens
My husband and I do not blame him.
Yes.
I go prepare a little after the sheep day will do for you.
From the general manager, what do you think about the situation in Yanjing City?
I think
Now the eyes are like three parts of the world
Actually it is death struggle.
Wang Jiu Jia and Li Si are also on the same side.
You and Trieu fight on both sides.
Plus all kinds of hidden forces.
And I...
Like a night caught between forces.
It could be swallowed up at any moment.
Exactly.
But counterfeits will be eliminated sooner or later.
At that time, do you want to summon the world with those two?
What do you mean? As long as you marry Mary?
The whole Tham family will rely on your Maaso market.
I am Yeon-yeon.
Who do I want to marry?